And there we have it we've learned stacks and Qs and an easy way to remember them is just simply plates
and our waiting line.
We learned why they're built on top of other data structures like linked lists and arrays.
And we also talked about how to build stacks with the Rays and length lists and also why we might not
want to use an array to build queues and also built a new data structure with a linked list.
We learned that stacks and queues are great for some fast operations that they have such as removing
or inserting such as at the end of the data structure.
We can also access the very first item in a queue or the very top item in a stack.
And we also have all our data order which is really really nice but we don't usually use our stacks
or cues to really do any sort of lock up or search through the data structure.
All we're interested in is the end bits of the data structure.
So they make it really useful by restricting our use of what we can do when it comes to stacks and queues.
But making sure that what we're allowed to do with these data structures are going to be really really
fast.
And there we have it.
We've continued to expand our mind map of data structures.
So we completed our stacks.
We learned how to create stacks with arrays and length lists we've learned about their Big O notation
and we also talked about cues and how we would really want to use an array for a cue.
A very common interview question.
We learn how to use a linked list to create a queue and also we learned about the bego implications
which is very similar to stacks.
We're getting closer and closer to filling out this mind map.
But before we do that we still have a few more data structures to go but the end is almost near.
We only have trees and graphs to talk about.
For that I'll see you in the next part.